HU Character list

		Enoshima Iki:
Housewife - Amaguwa Mama
A housewife you need to ruin the reputation of before she ousts you. Have her sleep with her son, the middle-aged rent collector, or anyone with a dick. Whatever you do, you need to do it indirectly.

Kuro - Kuro Gal Bitch
A delinquent who offers her sexual services to men for money. You're going to hypnotize her for an exclusivity deal.

Yandere - Muchi Muchi Jimiko Bitch ka Nikki
The shy, awkward type around school. She finds out about your hypnotism and wants to dive into it headfirst with you to overcome her issues.

Neet - Sunao de Otonashikute
A computer expert who can teach you how to hack. In exchange she wants to know what it's like to have a boyfriend.

Business - Yokkyuu Fuman
A teacher at the university, she's dead set on getting you fired. Uncover her dark secret to break her and ruin her reputation.

Scarf & Green - Intou Kaasan
A fellow hypnotist, she'll offer rewards in exchange for regaling her with stories of your conquest.
Scarf's sister and very receptive to hypnotism. Scarf will let you use her plaything if you can impress her.

Cousin - Pocchari Koi Musume
A relative who needs to room with you to finish school. Not very resistant to hypnosis, you can use her or dress her up like a plaything at your leisure.

		Oreteki18kin:
Principal Victoria & Secretary - Mama to Hame Cho
The principal, lives with her secretary and keeps tabs on you as the counselor. Impress her with stories of all the students you've helped if you want to earn her trust.
Victoria's secretary. Absolutely trusting in victoria to a fault.

Shrine & Shrine Daughter - Nakayoshi Chinpo Share
A woman living on the outskirts of town, she runs a local shrine to a fertility goddess.
Shrine's daughter, she's eager to understand modern life and wants to attend the university one day.

Ojou & Maid - Ecchi Ana Ojou-Sama
A wealthy lady living on Vintage Street.
A teacher at the university who happens to be Ojou's maid.

President & Advisor & Treasurer
Student council members who oversee discipline at the school.

Blonde & Kashiwari
A sex-obsessed delinquent at the university
Blonde's roommate, just as sex-obsessed as Blonde

Hitomi & Hitomi's mother
ANOTHER FREAKING MOM DAUGHTER PAIR but good art tho

		Nagi Ichi:
Tomboy - Mannish Musume
A rough-and tumble repressed tomboy who hides her physics-defying gigantic rack.

Twins - Futago Shounen
A pair of twins who happen to be bottom buttsluts

Suave - Furyou Shounen
An effeminate but popular suave boy who's edging in on your prey, so you turn him into your toy.

Kendo - Kenpai Kanojo
A kendo practitioner who falls in love with you, secretly wants to become a trap


Other artists to add as needed:
Kinta (traps/maids)
Samurai
Toxic Love (traps/ghosts)
Uo Denim (delinquents)

Other Scenarios:
Mimizu - Digital city (You get a digital avatar to use on the web VR style, and can get some pretty sweet 'I'm a girl' upgrades)
Yontarou - Pervert Ranger (A phone game where you corrupt power ranger knockoffs into joining your evil team)
Ecolonun - Ecolonun the tentacle (You meet a tentacle plant in the park. You can adopt it and it'll relay its tentacle monster memories to you.)
Gujira - Succubus (male) + Kimeseku ni Maketa Shounen (You get cursed to have a succubus companion who has a human form)
Shokushu Mind - Hukusyuu Seikka (You get some chemistry tools and can petrify women)

Townfolk random encounters: (Questline based on principal corruption)
Teacher's lounge - Hamerare! Azusa Sensei (You corrupt the people around a teacher to break down her mental will)
PE Hour - Haramitai! Natsu Nakadashi (You enjoy a corrupted physical education hour consisting of pool exercise, track running, and gymnastics practice)
Housewives - Mama to Hame Chao Natsu (You act as a door-to-door salesman having fun with some housewives and then they go to the beach)
Normalization Comitte - Ninkatsu Shichao (You take up the discipline monitor role and begin having your way with the students freely)
Idol Troupe - Sakaridol (An all-female band is performing at school, and you do your best to break them down)