//window proposal
Hell's bells, you're still alive huh? You really are something. Sorry about going overboard earlier. 
[image]
It's that streetwalker from earlier, although his skin is darker and he's in a strange outfit.
You're worth wasting all that energy for. I'll be direct with you, alright?
Not a chance, kid. Get out of here before somebody calls the cops on me, and I need to explain why a schoolboy is doing cosplay in my windowsill.
Eh?
Flock off and... Fuck, those wings and that tail are real, aren't they?
Hehe, finally got the memo. That's right, I'm a demon, name's succubusF. I'm a succubus (male), and I'm here to make you an-
Wait what? You're an incubus?
... No, I'm a succubus (male), it's a rank below, and-
I don't get it. You're a male succ-
I'm the lowest rank of demon! Okay! Stop rubbing it in, fuck!<br>Listen, this is real simple. I wanna be your familiar.
You aren't quite sure how to respond to that.
Listen, your souls is really fucking black. Like it's not tainted with lust, it's a big ball of lust with a little bit of humanity sprinkled inside. Just one fuck with you put me over the top and I had enough energy to meet my quotas and get promoted too. <br>Then I wasted it and dumped it onto the bedsheets, but I won't hold that against you. <br>My point is that not only are you some cream of the crop gourmet shit, but you're also a magnet for virgin energy, making you-
Now hold on a moment there-
Other virgins, you've got the potential to seduce men, I'm not saying you're one. Gimme a second dude. Lucy's sake, don't have a fucking crusade. <br>Anyways, I want it. You aren't using it all anyways, and I can help you out and... Give you some other incentives.
This is a lot to take in. It seems like succubusF wants to help you seduce others, and draw energy from that?
It's not dangerous, just think of it like uh...
He looks around the room.
Like I'm a hot neighbor watching you jerk off. I benefit at no cost to you, and I'll reward you for it. 

//window refusal
Fuck. Fuckity fuck fuck. You're one of those types aren't you? One of those 'deus vult' motherfuckers? 
I could 'deus vult' right about now. Out of this house, hellspawn.
I was born in... Whatever. Enjoy your life, ya fucking cheese elemental. All 42 years of it before the cancer kicks your shiny-ass bucket.
He leans back and falls out of the window. You close it and lock it tight, no demon bitches will be assaulting your sanctum on your watch. 

//window proposal
Hehe, too easy. You really should lock your windows. 
Some sassy girl... Nope, boy. Some sassy boy is sitting in your windowsill. You pinch yourself, you're still awake.
And you've still got it, it wasn't just a fluke! Man, this really is my lucky night!
Ah! Wait! Hold on, don't throw anything at me!
I don't have any drugs, and Halloween was awhile ago. Scram, before somebody calls the cops and I need to explain why a sassy boi in cosplay is in my home. 
Hah! Cosplay! 
He hops down off the windowsill into your room, before turning around and showing off his little spade tail waving about.
Hehe. It's your lucky night too, human. I, the succubus (male), known as succubusF, have decided to-
Wait what? You're an incubus?
N-no, I'm a succubus (male). I'm here to-
You can't have my soul. I get that I'm mega-super fucking damned by now, but it's still-
Shit. Is all that stuff real? Am I going to hell?
Calm down! Listen. Don't worry about any of that!
How can I now? Is the Buddha in hell? I mean, he's not Christian, but I don't think Jesus... Wait. Succubus (male)?
Alright. This is going nowhere. I can see I'm going to need to be direct with you.
succubusF sighs, before in one fluid motion gets down on his knees in a begging position.
Please take me as your familiar, master!
... Excuse me?
Your heart is the darkest, most selfish I've ever seen! Even my superiors don't hold a candle to how depraved your black energy is!
I don't understand. I thought incu- I mean succubi stole souls while you slept? I mean, I'm not super fresh with christian mythology...
Well... It's a little complicated... But I'd never hurt anybody! I just siphon a little bit of corrupted soul off the top! You humans make more anyways, it isn't dangerous. 
You lean in to inspect the begging demon on your floor. His hair smells like the abstract concept of sinning, which is surprisingly close to chocolate.
So why would you need my help?
He looks up, his amber eyes meeting yours.
I'm just a succubus (male), one of the lowest ranks of demons. I'm barely making my dues to my superiors, I'm having a hard time staying afloat, let alone saving up to become a proper incubus!
He sits up to clasp your hands in his. He's very soft.
But with you, you're the most corruptive influence I've ever seen. Dark energy, virgin (male) desire... Someone like you is teeming with the most delicious aura I've ever-
I'm not a virgin.
N-no, of course not. I mean you attract them. Others, sorry. You're teeming!
You lean back, deep in thought. On the one hand, he's cute. On the other, potential for eternal damnation.
Oh what the hell. I'm probably damned anyways. Still...
What's in it for me?
Uh, you get to corrupt innocent souls? A-and I'll reward you with my body! 
Sounds pretty good
No dice, spawn of satan

//window refusal
No dice, spawn of satan. This place is a home of purity, a bastion of chastity. No boi booty can tempt me. 
... Are you serious?
About rejecting you, yes. Everything else is a cold lie. 
Oh... Well, uh... I don't suppose you might change your mind?
Just shoo for now
Begone, thot!
Fine, don't consort with hellspawn, miss out on-<br>Geez, maybe I could have sold that better.
You start drawing crosses in the air like you've seen on TV.
Gah! Stop, stop, I'm going!
He flies away under the cover of night, hopefully never to be seen again. You give a thumbs up to the sky, knowing whoever is watching is proud of your courage. 
DEUS VULT!

//window acceptance
That sounds pretty tempting.
Really? What part specifically? How tempted would you say you feel, on a scale from one to ten.
I don't know, seven?
Oh,that's really good! Management says seven is the sweeg spot. Enough make them work with you, but it avoids desparation.
So, more details?
Oh, yeah. Basically we demons feed off corrupted life force. We gather it ourselves or convert other people into gatherers.
Like a multi-level marketing scheme? I always knew those were from hell. 

//breakfast
Ska-ba-da-dah-dus~
Gathering souls is~ so ea-sy~
I'm gonna be-ee~ An in-cu-bus~
Thank goodness~ For sucke-
Nice singing.
Ah! H-how long were you listening?
Long enough. So, you're just using me to gain standing among your demon buddies?
N-no! Well, I -
Because that's totally fine. It's not like I'm gonna use these souls myself.
... Oh.
Anyways bend over.
Wait! I might be fireproof, but you shouldn't mix stoves and-
Ah~!
Lying isn't nice you know, especially when you're showing off your slutty ass like this.
Th-this is a religious thing! We... Ah~
Clothes chafe a lot if they aren't sexy~!
Well then these must not chafe at all. Fuck, you're tight. I'm gonna cum! 
Ah~! Slow down~! If you cum now-
Ggggcck!
Like always he spasms while purple light flickers around his head.
<i>H-hold it in! Don't cum! Don't waste it!</i>
The food in the pan starts popping, bitd of it flying out onto the stovetop and coming alight in purple flame.
As succubusF finishes his spasms, he relaxes.
Ah~ Ehehe~ I'm sho full...
Fuck! The food!
Despite succubusF's scrambling, he can't save the demonically burnt meal.
...
It's fine. *munch*
It was already ruined anyways, I could smell cinnamon mixed with the eggs. 
succubusF looks downcast as you munch on a bagel from the fridge.
Aw man... Food is one of the five great temptations, but I suck at this one too? 
Hey. There's only one great seduction I need, and you're great at it. 
You give succubusF's ass a squeeze, 
How the hell am I supposed to be an incubus even if I can get a bunch of souls, if all I'm good at is being your butt-buddy?
You try to picture succubusF as a more masculine incubus.
... Nope, hard pass. Anyways you need to scram, don't need neighbors asking why a small sassy boi is hanging around my house. 
Alright. I'll see you later, master.
--- Breakfast
You didn't fuck with it or anything, did you? Like putting some succubus milk in there?
No way! You don't fuck with somebody's breakfast. Isn't it super important for you humans?
Most important mean of the day? No, that's a myth, I think cereal companies spread it around.
He looks shocked, shocked like he found out the tooth fairy is his new stepdad.
I can't believe it... I should've studied dinner recipes instead... 